Bug-2017797 changes to `structuredClone` behavior (#43539)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/structuredclone/index.md

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

The **`structuredClone()`** method of the {{domxref("Window")}} interface creates a [deep clone](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Deep_copy) of a value using the [structured clone algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Structured_clone_algorithm).

The method also allows [transferable objects](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Transferable_objects) in the original value to be _transferred_ rather than cloned to the new object.
Transferred objects are detached from the original object and attached to the new object; they are no longer accessible in the original object.

> [!NOTE]

> > For web extension developers: Up to Firefox 148. `structuredClone.call(iframe.contentWindow)` incorrectly created objects in the caller's realm instead of the iframe's realm. This behavior meant that, for web extensions, the call created an object in the scope of a content script. In Firefox 149, the implementation changed to instantiate objects in the `this` realm, so the method's behavior more closely matched the specification. Therefore, to enable the creation of objects in the scope of a content script, `globalThis.structuredClone` is provided.

Reviewer: The sentence about `structuredClone.call` is also relevant to regular web developers.

Here is a rewrite to split the note in two parts: generic behavior and the extension specific note. Also included a link to the description of what a realm is, part of https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Execution_model#realms

```suggestion
> Up to Firefox 148. `structuredClone.call(iframe.contentWindow)` incorrectly created objects in the caller's [realm](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Execution_model#realms) instead of the iframe's realm. In Firefox 149, the implementation changed to instantiate objects in the `this` realm, so the method's behavior more closely matched the specification.
> Across all browsers, a direct call `structuredClone(value)` clones values in the caller's realm. From Firefox 149, [WebExtensions' content scripts](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_scripts) can call `window.structuredClone(value)` to clone values in the page's realm, distinct from `globalThis.structuredClone(value)` which clones into the realm of the content script.
```
